Prepare for v9.0.0 release (#545)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# v9.0.0 (2025-06-10)

## OS Changes

> * Third party package updates ([#515], [#531], [#532])

Reviewer: It'd be good to find ways to summarize this in a little more detail - some of these "third party package updates" could be more significant than the other changes. Perhaps a new section where a longer list of packages won't be as distracting?

Author: I can try this if it is better. 
```md
### Third Party Package Updates
- Update to latest versions of `aws-iam-authenticator`, `ecr-credential-provider`, and `kubernetes` packages ([#531])
- Update multiple core libraries: SELinux components, `libseccomp`, `libinih`, `libffi`, `libnftnl`, `libelf`, `liburcu`, `libglib`, and `libcap` ([#515])
- Update core system utilities: `ethtool`, `grep`, `iproute`, `strace`, `makedumpfile`, `nvme-cli`, and `libnvme` ([#532])
```

@vigh-m also suggest about using the [collapsed component](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/organizing-information-with-collapsed-sections) via `<details>` block.

* Add support for default configuration file in `xfsprogs` ([#521])
* Add support for more AWS regions in `schnauzer` and `host-ctr` ([#535])

> * Backport systemd fix to speedup `daemon-reload` and replace `isolate` with `start` commands ([#528])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Backport systemd fix to speed up `systemctl daemon-reload` ([#528])
* Replace `systemctl isolate` with `systemctl start` ([#528])
```

* Add capability markers `ioctl_skip_cloexec` and `userspace_initial_context` to SELinux policy ([#534])
* Add `zramctl` to `util-linux` package ([#543])

## Build Changes
* Fix clippy warnings for Rust 1.87.0 ([#525])
* Build `glibc` with frame pointers ([#527])
* Fix various build warnings and LTO compatibility issues in packages ([#526])
* Update `bottlerocket-sdk` from 0.61.0 to 0.62.0 ([#542])

## Orchestrator changes

### Kubernetes
* Drop `kubernetes-1.26` and `ecr-credential-provider-1.26` ([#523])
* Make `soci-snapshotter` a socket-activated systemd service ([#529])

> * Add latest instance types to eni-max-pods mapping ([#538])

Reviewer 2: Non-blocking nit: `eni-max-pods` instead of eni-max-pods

Author: I did not add the `` because that is what we use for past eni-max-pods updates. I can add that so that we keep using the `eni-max-pods` format.
